Hello
welcome to a second
video to the angry birds star wars plans
pécs yes I have my luck today
this time I'm actually trying
Almost 100 percent sure that in
this land beck the little han solo
bird in it then it should be now
it will not be my last attempt
have been to get him
but as I said no other of the
birds have this shape and that below
flat and air pointed up to the
would actually time out so
please push me the thumb and yes the
I can show you pack again
next to a video ever shown
We should have her in birth like that
pretty much everyone understands
not everyone as played but heard
now everyone determines that
this little important make the game
where you with the birds the little ones
pigs in their castles stains because
they denounce you even kill the
dolls then always so away
Now I'm almost doing my arts
do not be fooled ankle there I am
ever easier
now it's only me
neither and then I am happy
I am already happy here
Let's take a look at this little one
also leaflets to everyone
the day I do not read again now
in front of the audience please in my first
video stuck by that interested
so that's the first page and the
the second or the back so now to
but you probably have it here too
become
and yes, really
Actually, I just wanted to get out of the set
that was neither I found the
han solo so aggravated where i go
At the small booklets watched here
had and yes I have to now
just have and use from below
yellow has actually been better if
they would have made the black then
would have tuned with hunting but
Now we do not want to be petty
see something very cool couple
small chic details here the one
clear and here in the side that we have one
be few bags or something
and yes very well done so then can
I mean my little angry
List birds collection
I just had it in here then yes
what was the last time I wrestled
inside and from my beloved subscriber
I have the dark service myself once
get pont ababa and the princess
leia in parentheses book no idea what
this means
but it is a guide yes that
are now my four little angry birds
600 from the front
and yes with this camera shaky
I say goodbye to attitudes
this time from you
I hope you liked the video
and you are also next time
again until then